[Music]
hey how about you and me do a mind-meld
yeah I'm not Spock yep we don't have the
power of mind-control yet but the power
of psychology is almost as good yep if
you know what to do and what to look for
you can get exactly what you want from
others here's my list number one when
you need to get some info if you ask
someone a question and you feel like
they're holding something back or not
telling the whole story keep nice long
eye contact with them and stay quiet the
long and silent stare will make them
uncomfortable and they'll do anything to
break that awkwardness you'll get your
answers in no time
number two you've got a song stuck in
your head and it's getting annoying yeah
this is called an ear worm I know we've
all been there so think of the end of
the song your brain will interpret this
as okay the song is over and will reset
itself something called the psych narc
effect says that thinking about
unfinished things or business usually
lead to thoughts about other incomplete
or unresolved problems your brain will
get totally distracted from that song
number three get someone to agree with
you do a lot of nodding while you're
making the point that you want someone
to agree with it might not work on
everyone but nodding gives the
impression that you know what you're
talking about and that you're passionate
about it they'll start to believe what
you're saying is true for when you feel
like you're being watched
you know how yawns are contagious yeah
you can use that to your advantage if
you feel like someone is watching you
make yourself yawn make sure they see
you do it after you're gone look and see
if they're yawning too if they are now
you know they've been watching you hey
maybe it's a crush number five stopping
an argument
see you're hosting a party and a group
of people start arguing it's getting
pretty intense what should you do go
grab some food for them eating has a
calming effect and everyone loves a good
snack
they'll subconsciously start to feel
happier and more comfortable getting
them to eat should break the tension 6
win rock-paper-scissors every time maybe
you played this game when deciding who
should do a task that no one else wants
to do here's a secret that will help you
win so that you never have to do those
tasks again just as you're about to
start the game ask your opponent a
question right after your question start
the rock-paper-scissors chant your
opponent will most likely pick scissors
try it and let me know how it goes in
the comments 7 an extra trick when
trying to keep eye contact we've all
heard that keeping eye contact is
important when you're in a situation
where you're trying to gain trust not
sure if you're keeping it long enough
try to take note of the other person's
exact eye color while you're talking and
listening to them not just that they
have blue eyes is it one shade of blue
or does it get lighter around the pupil
do their eyes seem to change color the
amount of time this takes is the
acceptable length of eye contact number
eight how to tell if someone is lying
that this one might surprise you yeah
we've all heard the most popular tried
and true tricks of how to tell if
someone is lying if they don't make eye
contact if they're fidgety etc but how
about this one someone is probably lying
to you if they leave out what are called
sensory details honest people will
include explanations of how something
sounded smell looked or felt like and
these are often the most important parts
of the story if someone is lying they'll
leave out these little details
9 gauging the relationships within your
friend group this works great with
coworkers too when a group of you is
together and laughing pay attention to
who looks at you the most and who you're
looking at as well while people laugh
they tend to look at who they feel they
have the closest bond with bond James
Bond 10 how to tell if someone likes you
this can work with friendships and
romantic relationships pick a random
word or phrase and every time the other
person uses it or something close to it
smile and nod if the other person keeps
using that word or phrase that means
they like you 11 if you need help
carrying something from someone who
doesn't pitch in say you and your
roommate are grocery shopping and you
have a lot of stuff you're talking and
laughing through the aisles and it's
time to checkout and your roommate some
of the grocery bags while continuing
your conversation they won't even notice
that you've handed them anything because
you're talking to them they'll take them
and you can carry equal loads to the car
12 showing someone you're a great
listener or at least making them think
so whenever your friend or date just
said paraphrase it and say it back to
them it will tell them that you've
really been listening to them and paying
attention because you have been this is
a great way to have a terrific and
honest conversation 13 a simple way to
tell if someone doesn't like you ask
them if you can borrow a pen or pencil
it's such a small favor that if they
really don't like you they'll say no on
the flip side they might decide to help
you out it's such a small thing after
all and decide that you're not all that
bad
14 if you want to forget something
unpleasant we all have moments we'd
rather not remember so all you have to
do is replace it with something positive
that you do want to remember ASAP for
example
if you have a bad day at work come home
and cuddle with your partner or your pet
physical touch has been proven to be a
serious mood booster grab a hold of
something like their shirt or fur this
makes the moment much more tangible and
easier to remember 15 know whether
you're welcome in a conversation if you
approach a group of chatting co-workers
or friends and they see you coming pay
attention to their feet if you're
welcome to join the circle their torso
and feet will turn towards you if they
turn their torso towards you but not
their feet they'd rather you not join in
it could also point to whether they were
gossiping about you just saying 16 how
to seem charming and irresistible when
you meet someone for the first time try
to remember their name and use it in the
conversation that follows people love
nothing more than the sound of their own
name it might be hard but it comes off
super personal and thoughtful you might
have noticed that car salespeople use
this technique a lot 17 are they being
genuine with you if you're talking and
the other person is smiling at you check
for crinkles around their eyes if
they're being fake there won't be
anything this works the same way if
you're trying to tell if your friend
really thought your joke was funny if
they're genuinely laughing there will be
crinkles around their eyes if not
they're faking it 18 if you get nervous
in social situations chew gum chewing
gum makes you look engaged and a tricks
your brain into feeling comfortable your
brain will send a message like we must
be fine because if we were in real
danger we'd be running plus you're doing
something when you're chewing gum so
it'll make you feel more relaxed 19 make
your boss let you off the hook at least
in public a must know for the office
have you ever messed up at work and know
you're going to be called out for it in
the next meeting
right next to your boss or next to that
co-worker who's mad at you
your physical closeness to them will
make them uncomfortable and they'll be
less likely to yell at you or create any
more conflict number twenty making a
memorable impression this technique
works great on first dates or in job
situations it's been said that people
remember the beginning and end of
something a date and interview a meeting
the clearest try to be interviewed
either first or last be the first or
last to give your presentation plan your
date for the beginning or end of the day
you'll get that callback and here's a
bonus make sure your hands are warm when
shaking hands with your potential future
boss having warm hands gives exactly
that impression that you're a warm kind
and open person it'll make them feel
comfortable too
hey if you learn something new today
then give this video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life